OSDOCS-7680: Remove "must" from CIDR text (#64433)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/cidr-range-definitions.adoc

[id="service-cidr-description"]
== Service CIDR

> In the Service CIDR field, you must specify the IP address range for services. The address block can be the same between clusters and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `172.30.0.0/16`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Service CIDR field, you must specify the IP address range for services. It is recommended that the address block be the same between clusters, but not required and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `172.30.0.0/16`. 
```

[id="pod-cidr-description"]
== Pod CIDR

> In the pod CIDR field, you must specify the IP address range for pods. The address block can be the same between clusters and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `10.128.0.0/14`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the pod CIDR field, you must specify the IP address range for pods. It is recommended that the address block be the same between clusters, but not required and will not create IP conflicts. The range must be large enough to accommodate your workload. The address block must not overlap with any external service accessed from within the cluster. The default is `10.128.0.0/14`. 
```
